If I had the biggest impact we've had so far with introducing
analytics and predictive is ability to anticipate issues earlier.
So, in my realm with product quality,
we're dealing a lot with surveys,
and we get a lot of service from customers who
drive Hyundai cars and a lot of it is noise.
It is separating between what's normal and what's a real issue.
We pretty much develop the process whereby we selectively figure out what's
an outlier and we are able to detect those issues
much earlier now with automation with machine learning.
We come through text and we do a lot of categorization.
Long story short, our engineers can fix things
quicker so that the customers in the future don't have these issues.
So, our time to insight is shortened 50% and that value is extraordinary.
In our realm, when you have a customer experience a problem within the 30 days,
that could actually make them buy another brand.
So, by changing that to zero,
it's untold amount of revenue that we could be creating.
It's still in its infancy stage,
but this is something that we do every day.